chore(docs): add design systems section to documentation (#3747)
microsoft/fast: sites/website/src/docs/design-systems/fast-frame.md

Each Design System property in the [`FASTDesignSystemProvider`](/docs/api/fast-components.fastdesignsystemprovider) will list the HTML attribute on the `<fast-design-system-provider>` that controls the property, and also whether it creates a corresponding CSS custom property. For more information on how to *set* each Design System property see [Setting Design System Properties](/docs/design-systems/using-the-design-system#setting-design-system-properties), and for information on how to use Design System CSS custom properties see [Using Design System CSS Custom Properties](/docs/design-systems/using-the-design-system#css-custom-properties).

## Using the FAST Frame Design System

> To use the FAST Frame Design System, simply ensure the [`FASTDesignSystemProvider`](/docs/api/fast-components.fastdesignsystemprovider) is define and use the element in your view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the FAST Frame Design System, simply ensure the [`FASTDesignSystemProvider`](/docs/api/fast-components.fastdesignsystemprovider) is defined and use the element in your view:
```

**Example: Using the [`FASTDesignSystemProvider`](/docs/api/fast-components.fastdesignsystemprovider)**
```ts
import { FASTDesignSystemProvider } from "@microsoft/fast-components";

FASTDesignSystemProvider; // Prevent tree shaking
```
```html
<fast-design-system-provider use-defaults>
    Hello world
</fast-design-system-provider>
```

:::note

> It is encouraged to add the `<fast-design-system-provider>` at the root of your view with the `use-defaults` attribute. This ensures that all Design System properties are initialized. For more info see the [`use-defaults`](/docs/design-systems/using-the-design-system#use-defaults)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to add the `<fast-design-system-provider>` at the root of your view with the `use-defaults` attribute. This ensures that all Design System properties are initialized. For more info see the [`use-defaults`](/docs/design-systems/using-the-design-system#use-defaults)
```

provider.accentPalette = palette;
```

#### Background color
This is the contextual color that the recipe uses to determine what color it is rendering on. The foreground, outline, and divider recipes will use this color to ensure that the color created is accessible and meets contrast requirements. In fill recipes, it is sometimes used as the starting location in the appropriate palette to begin resolution.

See [backgroundColor](api/fast-components.fastdesignsystemprovider.backgroundcolor.md) for more details.

#### Offsets / Deltas
If you look at the properties of the [`FASTDesignSystem`](/docs/api/fast-components.fastdesignsystem), you'll notice a number of "Delta" properties. These are used by color recipes to *shift* the colors derived from recipes by index of the palette. You can adjust these values to fine-tune each individual color recipe.

#### Color recipes

> Color recipes are algorithmic colors generated relative to a context. Recipes can be thought of and used as named colors, however they are more than simple variables; they are generated values where the value of the Recipe will change depending on the context in which it is generated. The primary inputs to any color recipe are [Palettes](/docs/design-systems/fast-frame#palettes), [the background color](/docs/design-systems/fast-frame#background-color), and [offsets / deltas](/docs/design-systems/fast-frame#offsets-deltas), which come from the nearest ancestor `<fast-design-system-provider>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Color recipes are algorithmic colors generated relative to a context. Recipes can be thought of and used as named colors, however they are more than simple variables; they are generated values where the value of the Recipe will change depending on the context in which it is generated. The primary inputs to any color recipe are [Palettes](/docs/design-systems/fast-frame#palettes), the [background color](/docs/design-systems/fast-frame#background-color), and [offsets / deltas](/docs/design-systems/fast-frame#offsets-deltas), which come from the nearest ancestor `<fast-design-system-provider>`.
```
